OSDOCS-16947#CQA work Stor3 - CSI group snapshots (#114215)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-group-snapshots.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"] 

> Volume group snapshots capture point-in-time copies of multiple volumes simultaneously, gathering data across related volumes. This enables restoring multi-volume applications to a previous state or provisioning new volume sets with the same data for testing or development purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
concept info and you have it in several modules already

> Using volume group snapshots with supported Container Storage Interface (CSI) drivers helps protect against data loss in {product-title}. Familiarity with persistent volumes is suggested. For information about persistent volumes, see _Understanding persistent volumes_ under _Additional resources_.

Reviewer: this is the job and abstract IMO

:FeatureName: CSI volume group snapshots
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> To use this Technology Preview feature, you must enable it using feature gates. For information about using feature gates, see _Enabling features using feature gates_ under _Additional resources_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this Technology Preview feature, you must enable it by using feature gates. For information about using feature gates, see "Enabling features using feature gates" in the  _Additional resources_ section. 
```
